hello everyone this is how to obtain
more away forget and today I've got a
review the option commercials are AC y
with transit laughs in Montes and six
scale it said to blow gauged by Oxford
badass so I've got this for four banks
trying to try from both of them and the
box watch my own there's Network Rail
pentagram you have notice I've got from
the same thing apart from the official
licensed product tuning from flow Ford
is our seasonal code and I don't think
there's anything important about that
codes that make it masters up just
review it if there is and please comment
below and tell you that and remove video
and it's blank got over has yeah there's
nothing I haven't got their information
yeah nothing anymore so if we just take
off the past equipments and grace I will
take it off the basis I've got chance
yet
and I do really really really like this
model I'm half wanted it quite a while
and I did get it yesterday and went to
mother's loan delivery ossification on
it is really good as I said in my
previous of good video Mitchell below
next night there hits the hospital
delivery I think it is it's yeah we
haven't got the front and wait for the
logos good I do quite like my headlights
as well separate plastic mold it's not
the RAC rescue and I go on front and
parts of the stripes if we have a
looking a cab
don't tell because it's all black inside
but their seats and steering wheel
mold dashboard is also roof on there
it's a little bit every detail not
matters but all the way there wing
mirrors are quite nice
we molded resin tape actual mirror on it
which is shame but I suppose if you
wanted to you could and by just a little
bit of mirror put one on and I'm aside
tells you the web address says RAC
rescue on their phone number and like
say it's got the stripes again on the
back in front on the top the white metal
recovery device they're good obviously
we don't flash but army probably took
the wire itself if it was going to stay
in the set place and you're right you're
probably could take someone so LEDs in
there and remember back it's got a
little plate fault logo and they're
drawn here that I don't know whites as
dry hair because honestly you see this
driving around next you on the motor oh
you're not going to like it hurt Cedric
oh yeah we start drawing and just like
driving next day long right away filling
in an application form yeah not so sure
if you would actually do that but on the
roof quite quite nice detail and we all
stop do spring separately I can't really
show you what song are you you're right
yeah oh yeah and but yeah but really
just concrete so I hope you enjoyed this
video you pulling out the next example
out pretty soon and I'm going to stop
doing like Broadway videos where I'm
just like granting scenarios I'm black
but yeah thank you for watching and
goodbye
oh no I've just forgotten this vital
piece of my videos I've got to ask you
any questions comment below if you like
answer
Grazia thanks for watching and goodbye
for the second time